:book: Update troubleshooting.md (#2676)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/user/troubleshooting.md

```
kubectl label nodes <name> node-role.kubernetes.io/worker=""
```

> For convenience, here is an example of a "one linner" to do this post installation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, here is an example one-liner to do this post installation 
```

Author: I must have been hungry! :laughing:
